{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Three things:\par
1. Weekend of Drew/Jason - \par
\tab We were talking about blah blah what happened, I told you that FYI there might be \tab residual waves from this aka I call you out n guilt it, for awhile. \par
\tab You asked - "OK, what can be done to minimize that?"\par
2. Wedding et al - \par
\tab Many large arguments, I have said multiple times that this can never happen again. In \tab specific, question came out of something about invitees etc, you said something \tab about trying to find middle ground and it's hard b/c your parents and I are both as \tab groups, stubborn. I said there needs to be a solution to this, period.\par
\tab You asked - "Well, what do you propose to solve it?"\par
3. Clothes / domestic / closet -\par
\tab Many large arguments, I have asked multiple times to just, be more aware of things \tab piling up, etc. You do it on the spot, but it does not seem to engrain and incorporate, \tab IE I need to keep reminding or it will not get done...it does not become learned \tab behavior. Desire to have nice things is not a problem in and of itself, the quantity is \tab the problem. It is not just "well this is my thing." Bikes and music could be defined as \tab my thing, but overlying all of anything, for me, is this guiding idea of "do I need this, \tab now, does adding this particular thing to my collection or personage fill some \tab legitimate utilitarian need I have, or allow me to do something that I cannot currently \tab do with what I have. The bag I bought did that, your bag was just another purse in that \tab shade that isn't one you already have. Nothing will ever make that OK for me, period, \tab and whether it's right or fair or not, my pushback will only get worse as we continue \tab down a shared path. \par
   \tab You got really angry, again, today. Nothing specific we talked about, but we need to \tab find a way around this. The whole buying suburban princess trash shit, that has \tab become more controlled in the past few years. Not there yet, but there is motion. \tab The whole being unaware of boxes laying around is a bigger immediate problem, I \tab can and will only mention is nicely so many times before it becomes stronger, \tab meaner, more aggressive, and a series of other things that aren't good. Tell me I'm \tab wrong and disagree with me all you want, but I have a very hard time thinking that \tab you just choose to NOT try to learn this stuff and force more awareness.  
\tab You said - "OK, but it's always something, I can do X but then am scolded for blah blah." \par
4. Other - \par
\tab OMFG we really have to deal with rage issues. I was angry enough to HIT SOMETHING. \tab If you said that, that'd be what I'd latch onto, your action was that strong, \tab so whatever motivated that response is critical. Not saying the response is right or wrong, but it was very very strong, and you're a normally rational person, so something must have happened that really really set it up.
\tab If goal is solving something IE making it not happen again, the symptom is not the focus, it is the indicator to look AT the focus or origin. Otherwise it's just reaction, and that does not solve problems. Not sure what you saw growing up or have become used to, but the idea that married couple can be comepletely different and have behaviors which oppose directly, yet be OK just "To Each Their Own" is not acceptable to me and never will be, ever.
\tab Assumption is that stars will align more and more over time, while we are different people and I'll never be into fashion or appearance the way you are, and you'll never be my level of outdoors or DIY, over time I'll dress differently and pay more attention, and you'll eventually think of solving a problem first by yourself, and look forward to going camping. \par
}
